Counter Example Doc Update (#6164)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/book/src/examples/counter.md

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/counter/src/main.sw}}
```

> ### Building and deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build and deploy
```

> the following commands will quickly help you in build and deploy the above contract - for detailed tutorial for this refer to [Building and Deploying](https://docs.fuel.network/guides/contract-quickstart/#building-the-contract). Keep in mind that for deployment you need to have wallet set up already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands will help you quickly build and deploy the above contract. For a detailed tutorial, refer to [Building and Deploying](https://docs.fuel.network/guides/contract-quickstart/#building-the-contract).
```

```bash

> # Builds the contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build the contract
```

forc build

> # Deploys the contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy the contract
```

> // Deploys the contract

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Deploys the contract
```

forc deploy --testnet
```

> 
> It will return you the contract ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
